The Radan that's that Indras traffic based on the inside global table so traffic destined to.
Wondered.
One port 10:24 is changed to 10 dog wandered one at one port 10:24 and forwarded on to the local segment
traffic destined to wandered wandered wandered one port.
10:25.
Translated to 10 that wandered wander to port 10:24 and forwarded on to the local segment.
The PCs as well as the server are unaware that their traffic has been nattered.
They are essentially oblivious to the changes that have been made by the router to the IP addresses
and port numbers.
Traffic is routed correctly PCs are unaware of what's going on and that's essentially how much overloading
or port address translation or Pat works.